# matplotlib rc config

figure.figsize:     10, 7  # figure width, height in inches
figure.dpi:         100

#figure.autolayout : True
#figure.constrained_layout.use: True

text.usetex:        True
font.family:        serif
font.serif:         Palatino
font.size:          48.0

#axes.grid.axis:     x
axes.grid:          True
grid.color:         black
grid.linewidth:     .5
grid.linestyle:     solid
grid.alpha:         .2

xtick.direction:    in
xtick.top:          False
xtick.bottom:       False
ytick.direction:    in
ytick.right:        True

legend.frameon:       True
legend.loc:           upper center
legend.shadow:        False
legend.fancybox:      True
legend.framealpha:    1.0
legend.borderaxespad: 0
legend.edgecolor:     gray
legend.handlelength:  1.0
legend.labelspacing:  0.8
legend.columnspacing: 0.8

